Adding tags (#829)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation: 1-org/README.md

| gcp_scc_admin | Product Updates and Security | Org Admins |
| gcp_security_reviewer | Security and Technical | Org Admins |

> **Note:** This module creates and applies [Tags](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview) to common and bootstrap folders. These tags are also applied to environment folders of step [2-environments](../2-environments/README.md). You can create your own tags by editing [tags.tf](envs/shared/tags.tf#L25) `local.tags` map and following the commented template. The following table lists details about tags applied to resources:

Reviewer: Since line numbers tend to be brittle
```suggestion
**Note:** This module creates and applies [Tags](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview) to common and bootstrap folders. These tags are also applied to environment folders of step [2-environments](../2-environments/README.md). You can create your own tags by editing `local.tags` map in `tags.tf` and following the commented template. The following table lists details about tags applied to resources:
```
